[Music] It
has happened that of course, Dala
has done everything wrong since the Pambby War, right?  He didn't
do everything right, he did everything wrong,
so he got a lot of criticism and
so it's normal that Hi, Javi, what
happened to your hair?  All the best.  Well, nothing in
particular, I haven't combed my hair, right?  Well,
nothing in particular, I haven't combed my hair.
Well, nothing, Cel, eh, well, just for
that, you already have the team on top of you.
You already have the little team on top of you.  What you've
done, Cel. My opinion of Cell is that he's
a [ __ ] hypocrite, a fake, a Pambi and Pambi and
that a Pambi, I mean, Cel
literally has, I don't know if one or two
secondary channels dedicated to Dallas, eh, full
Dallas, but he's a Pambi, eh, when he
sees himself cornered, he tries to act
smart here, throwing a little smile
that ah, no, it doesn't affect me at all, it doesn't
affect me at all.  Me and I'm going to talk here
with my chat and my chat and I'm going to make
gestures so that Oh, how clever I am.
Powerful, powerful, powerful, the
little problem there is, huh?  You're
stupid, you're not smart at all, you're stupid.   You
say things that you
yourself can't even explain, that is, you
backtrack.  You say, uh, when you were
trying to explain your [ __ ] tweets
about Miare's mom, you didn't
even know what the [ __ ] you said.  You said
yes, it wasn't justified, but it
was justified, but then
they harassed her on the street, but then they
harassed her online.  What are they going to harass
on the street?  That didn't happen, man.
Nobody ever bothers you on the street.
Never, never.  It's very, very rare, especially for
a person who isn't already in the
spotlight, you know?  You see, if it can
happen, right? Some YouTuber or
whatever, when a topic is really
hot, really viral, or whatever, it
can happen that you find a kid or
something, but on the street,
nothing usually happens.  I mean, on the street it's very,
very difficult for something to happen to you, but
then it does, but the case of Dallas and
Mear was different, but
Mrs. Antonia still had to leave the
internet and Twitter because you
feel like it.  You couldn't
even explain your [ __ ] point.  I mean,
eh eh, your intellectual level doesn't even allow you
to explain what's going on in
your mind.  That's
Cel's intellectual level. That's Cel, a great
genius.  Cell. Cell. Wow.  Cel. I am.  I post
news that others make.  Hey, I know how to
edit by copying and pasting a video,
putting a gameplay in the background, and
that's why I'm a [ __ ] genius.  Well, he'll be a
genius, won't he?  But he is taking out a
part, he has had to go to Vivi
Andorra.  That's how it is, isn't it?  Selama Ret
saying, Selly Fama Ret saying that he has
taken pictures of girls in bikinis.  And
defamation, where is the defamation?
A monkey or not a monkey?  Gibel,
the wig entered him.  Ah, well now we
see it.
in a live show, but it's just that, I mean, I
want to see the clip to know
exactly what it says.  But we're talking about
the guy who took a picture of a girl in a
bikini to pass it around.  And the lie and the
lie to the daddy and the what's his name?
Fernando Urdaneta is that it doesn't make
sense, it's not that yes, they are not
comparable things, but I mean Raed brings up
this subject because supposedly
Gibel's comment, which I would like to
see, well, it kind of leaves a
woman in a bad light, but and taking pictures of girls in
bikinis to pass them on to your friends,
to say if they are hot or not, I don't know what
's worse.  Peorutan
G, as if it makes a woman look bad,
brings up this topic because supposedly
Gibel's comment that I would like to
see, well, it makes a woman look bad,
but what about taking pictures of girls in
bikinis to pass them on to your friends to
say if she's hot or not?  But
these people, for example, like Cell, if they have to say
this, they say it, and if they
have to say something like that, okay, they
tell you what's logical.  Well, Cel and Gibel, I do
n't know about the others.  Well, I understand that uncle south
too.  Tomy, how are you?  Javi, you
're a gossip, and you know what a guy
gave me his book.  You have a book so I
can get the Se te quiere máquina.  Let's
see if I can see you.  A kiss, Domi.  I have
n't written a book yet.  I would have enough
to write a book, believe it or not,
right?  I would have the potential to write an
interesting book, but I haven't been able to get around to it.
Do you want me to write a book?  Do you want me to
write a book?  But these
people tell you this.  There are others, those
from the little team who get together and meet,
okay?  That they, for example, would not say
anything negative about RAE, they would justify it
as we have seen with the extra.  Because?
Because it is already in the are are in
our in our such.  You can't say
anything bad about Raes.  Okay.  And what does it say
here?  It turns out that R deleted the post where it was
seen.  Ah, yes, that's true.  Wait.
No, no, because Rae tweeted.  Ah,
but I didn't get that.  Rae
tweeted that it was a lie, that he did
n't do the bikini photo
of the woman.  Okay, it says, "Turns out
Rae deleted the post where the
photo she took shows more than one girl."
Thank goodness
we reacted to that tweet live yesterday, and we can see
that, contrary to all expectations, I haven't
defamed anyone.  Who has defamed?
But where is the defamation?  So,
this is a photo that Rae claims the girl
was modeling, that the girl was
modeling for him to take pictures of her or
that he was taking a random photo
of the pool and girls were coming out.  No, no,
no, no, man, no.  I was taking a
picture of the girls and look, they're scoring
points.  Antonia's new friend,
okay?  Paint score.  What the [ __ ]?  And
then he also had other conversations
where he was like flirting, right?
Well, now he's decided to say, "Don't
tell me I don't have it open."  I don't
have it open.  Ah, this is it.  This is what he's
now taken to Anita and her
stuff, a follower of
our channel, and he's exposed her on his
live stream to insult her.  Hey, watch out, I've hit
this humanity hard.  Watch out,
because it's amazing, okay?  I mean, he already
did it with Lorena.  It is not something
new in this man, in his
behavior and his pattern.  Okay, but
now you're going to be amazed by Anik, huh?  On
Twitch.  You can't see the magnitude of this
[ __ ] humanity.
R, mercy, mercy.  Don't risk it,
dude.  No, no, no.  There is no risk
of anything.  Well, it's a photo that's
public on Twitter.  Are you ready?
Are you ready?
Ready.  But first, let's
put the profile picture here
.  This is supposedly this is
her, right?
So for me Gel is [ __ ],
dude.  And will continue to do so.  And yesterday it
was portrayed.  No, he's not
going to share it on Twitter.  Prick the infiltrator child.
What is the boy, dude?  He's biting
everyone.  This is a public photo, the
girl made it public on her Instagram.  There
are no problems at all.   There
is no problem.  I'm not going to
upload it to Twitter or anything.  No, look at this.
No, look at this.
She she she she
feels, right?  She feels like
this is her in the spotlight.  No, it is not
necessary.  Look at this, right?  Look at the hair,
look at the forehead, the blue eyes, the
little nose, the little mouth.  Look at this, look at
this [ __ ].  She, she sees herself
like this.
She sees herself like this.
What R has experienced, for example, with They are
prepared.
I'm going to change my cap because that one
bothers me too much.  They are ready back here
.  Look, the
life experiences that have left a bigger mark on you
than on others.  She,
she believes, doesn't she?  She sees herself that way.
She perceives herself that way,
but the harsh, harsh, harsh reality is harsh.  And be careful
, I warn you, once you see
this, you will never be able to take
this account seriously again, never again.  That is, it will
be a before and after.  You guys,
every time you see this chick tweeting,
the moms who tweeted to defend
Dallas and Oliveira, Tweety Birds and making
memes and everything, from the moment
I drag this photo here,
you're going to completely lose everything
and absolutely all the perception you
had of this guy.  I mean, this guy,
you imagine him here as if he were this
[ __ ], this Vanessa singer,
right?  The vocalist of Vanessa, right?  She
's practically like a
rock artist, a rock star, right?  She's on
Twitter, she's a rockstar on Twitter
.  She's a
rock star on Twitter, but this is on
Twitter, in real life.  In
real life, I mean, we were successful with that
clip that went viral, right?  Or what, or
success is only measured in the little
number in a Telegram group.
Hey, this one appears here when we're
live and whatnot, and the clips that go
viral on Twitter, those don't count or
what.  I repeat, the one you've
been with all week and now he remains
silent, as if he had just
unleashed a very powerful argument, in a way
based on Tursión.  In that
Gel funado clip in the background, there you see the
lyrics and salsing gey, that went really
viral.  Your ignorance has gone
viral too.  So how come we're
not worth it because we have 100
fewer viewers than Yuwoki or what?  Amazing, is
n't it?  Why does Mexias have a
donation bar that hasn't been opened for three months?
That's being smart at your job.
That's when people support you.  You are
fake.  I mean, if it's gone up, you've gone up
all the It's very strong, dude.   It
is very strong.  And look, you see
all those Pambis accounts, all those
Pis accounts.  I have more sub, I'm
right.  All those Pambis accounts are from
people who post things like that on Twitter.
It's that I have more subs.  Ray, don't
be funny.  Put the real photo.  It's not
fair.  Put the human photo on you.  It's it's it's it's I
'm not lying.  It's a photo
posted on her Instagram.  Little by
little.  They perceive themselves that way.  But
bro, it's a shock.  And when I
put on a drawing, a caricature,
do you think I perceive myself like that?
They say 1000 out there.  Watch out, Anik, eh, milf and Ray
thinks I perceive myself
like that.  Although yes, eh, although yes, the truth is that
yes.  I mean, when they said to me
, "Do you want to see what the
real Nica and her little bottles look like?"  And I was like,
"Sure, of course I want to see."  And
of course, I imagined it was going to be
something like this, right?
That is, that it had some small
similarity.  But [ __ ], I mean, tell
me, how the [ __ ], how the [ __ ] does
this have anything to do with this?  I mean, but
explain to me, please.  I mean, my love, please
explain it to me.  It's called a filter, Rae.
What the hell does this have to do with
setting up a Twitter profile?  I'm a little torn up about
Rae thinking Anika was green and
purple
, huh?  So Rae thought Anika
was green and purple and yellow.  This is
very strong, [ __ ].  He's very strong,
[ __ ].  Your drawing has more hair.  A
kiss.  A kiss.  But, you think
Peppa Beltrán is beautiful, don't you?  So now
you're collaborating with her and you have a series
with her, right?  Peppa seems
beautiful to you.  No, it's too strong,
brother.  No, they are human beings,
nothing more.  They are human beings of the
female sex.  Now they understand everything.  That's
Annika and her little bottles.  They gave it to me,
but I earned it in 2017. Let's see.  kind of
thing, I think.  And look, your
stupid friends, none of them have that
recognition.  So you can see that it's not
all about money, Cel, understand that.  This
plaque is not given for money.  This plaque is
given for your efforts, your
creativity, and the way you
engage the masses.  Remember, you
always
perceive yourself this way, but the reality is
this.
This kid is so stupid, so stupid.  It's
true that sometimes YouTube is unfair and
people who have a lot of potential, well, it's
hard to grow, but at the end of the day that
person here with the case of in the case
of Cel, please, it's like they don't make
people famous, this photo didn't have to be
taken secretly with his face
rolling with ignorant laughter, right?
So, the conclusion I come to
with him is don't make ignorant people famous
, dude.  That's what they're
doing to [ __ ].  It's Fiona.  It's
Fiona.
It's [ __ ] Fiona, dude.  Paint it
green.  It's already painted green.  Ray, did you
think it was like that?  Paint in the
green one.  It's already green, Ray.  It's already
green.  And you believed it was like that.
You guys look like Fiona.  But look, I
mean, look at the, I mean, look at this
contrast, dude.  She sees herself
that way.  Pambi Fantasy World,
Dog Moderator.  Pambi World.  Let's see what it has to do with
.  Let's see what it has to do with you
putting on a purple and green filter,
Pambi the dog Oliveira, light eyes,
perfect hair, perfect mouth, I mean, he
's looking at the filter and says,
"Moderator of the dog Oliveira, I mean,
where did you read that in this image,
man? You look awful, Ra, you look awful."  But
the worst thing is that today she catches me, she's
telling me Salomé because she has created a
program with Peppa.  Paimoncito, a
kiss with Peppa Beltrán.  Okay.  And so,
yeah, the level and they're telling me that your
girlfriend, that Ra's girlfriend is an
emotional squatch, okay?  And it's like, well, with
your boyfriend it hasn't been done, with the boyfriend it hasn't been done
, it doesn't come out very well.
If he's done the work, eh, but I mean,
trust what he's reading here, look,
look, look, look, look at the filter he's
put on.  Do you see it?  So, Pambi,
moderator of the dog Oliveira.  Where
have you seen that?  In this filter.  Where
have you seen that?  In this filter.  This
reality Fiona.  This plate was
given to me because it's strong, brother.  Yes,
yes, it is strong.  It's strong.  So
Nika is fighting with these people,
arguing with these people, right?  and
the forera from Cotidiando appears, okay?
Hey, Antonia's friend, and she says,
"Well, what about Javi? Aren't you going to criticize
Javi?"  So, I was amazed
when I saw it this afternoon and
they, well, they put the link in the
group.  "Yavi, aren't you going to say anything about
Javi?"  And I'm like, "And what do you
have to say about Javi?"  And look, look,
don't worry, they haven't even started
organizing to try to get your
custody removed yet.  I wonder if
when Javi brought out my youngest son, this
clown, she's been doing this for 6 years,
man.  I don't know how many times she's done it
, but at least three times they
've sent me a screenshot of
her repeating the same nonsense
that I exposed her minor son to
on a live stream.  And it refers to this,
family, it refers to this.  I mean, you have to
have balls and be really obsessed
.  Good night, Javi.  It's also
curious to see the way Rae looks at
people and tries to analyze the face
smiling with closed eyes.  A
big hug, Javi, from Chile.  I mean,
this person that I reported and everything, eh,
what happens is that obviously this
type of report at the police station back
then didn't involve any
theft.  Yes, yes, it's the gorgon.  I mean, with
the things she's posted about Lorena, with
the things she's posted about my daughter, with
the things she's posted about myself, I
mean, but come on, with the things she's
posted about my family and it's been going on for 6 years, I
mean, every time I go to check
her Twitter account because they've
warned me about something, she has a long
thread about me that you say, it's the
same as the other lady not
defending herself at all, nobody is saying
anything to her and she keeps posting my twist, but
my twist arguing with me about things from the year this
that you know, this will be 2019,
obviously.  Of course, when we were dealing
with this topic, when this topic was
relevant.  Okay, what are you
arguing with me about in 2025?  Do you want to
discuss again what we already
discussed?  Why didn't you like that
result?  Let's see if people today
give you a different opinion.  I didn't expose
your son, Patrick.  You have said
terrible things about my family, but
terrible things that deserve to be
sued.  Think that we are not
obsessed and we are not into that on that
topic, okay?  You understand me?  I mean,
I'm on a live broadcast discussing the
topic of my area when it was relevant,
when it was news, okay?  and when I
check Miare's Twitter, I
see a photo of her with your son
that she answers.  That is, a YouTuber
who was at the height of her popularity at the time
.  I mean, she probably
gave the photo much more exposure
than Sadilla, a kiss, and the
YouTuber herself probably gave
the photo infinitely more exposure than
I did, responding infinitely, okay?
Be careful, if someone pretends to be a YouTuber and
says, "That's what his mother wants.
If that's what makes him happy, I
'll be here to support him."  I mean,
look at what he's criticizing me about, that on
top of that when we
upload it to YouTube we censor it with the
YouTube editor, I can't do it live
because we're live and it
appears, right?  But hey, if I see
the son's photo, what am I messing
with the son? I'm messing with the mother.
How am I going to mess with a
kid?  Come on, nothing could be further from the
truth.  You did that, Patricia.
Messing with my daughter, that's what
you did, Patricia.  And with my wife,
you did that, Patricia.  After
we helped you when you were in a
bad spot, you came here to my
show, TT Grey's, to ask us for
money, huh?  And you're still being a
pain in the ass to this day with this [ __ ] screenshot
, man, with this [ __ ] screenshot.
But they sent it to me again last year
.  Last year they also
sent me the damn screenshot.  And yes,
Hobbl was also in a
Jairobl live stream too, I mean,
we helped her and then I found out what she was
doing behind the scenes, you know?  And
out.  I mean, it's true that at the
time a few live albums were dedicated to it
, right?  The things they post on the
forum and such, but 6 years ago, get over it,
nobody's telling you anything.  Patrick,
they don't really talk to you about
what you're posting here, and you're still here
today.  You have to be healthier.  I
mean, no no you're not defending yourself from
anything.  What do you want me to tell you this?
Sorry, your son slipped through the
net.  Well, I didn't expect you to get
upset after you sent me
videos of the kid, when when I was on
good terms with you, you sent me
videos of your son to appear on the
channel.  I mean, it doesn't make sense.
It's that each one is locked in his own
subject.  Each one is locked into his or her own
theme of whatever era.  Joan
Plana in his time spoke to
this one, okay?  And Mrs. Antonia
is also a friend of Patrick. Do you want me to
tell you about this, Patrick?  So, there's
Nica, who's been messing with
her, the people you guys
talk to with R, a guy who takes pictures of
women in swimming pools and her
ex yells at her in her call that there's
an audio of Ray yelling at his ex,
okay?  And they're messing with Anik about his
physique now.  And you go to Nik and
say, "What about Javi?"  But what, what,
what do you want Nica to tell me about something from
6 years ago?  You're not
right either.  Well, the thing is that I still
wanted him to be a YouTuber, it's that
last year, I don't remember
what the reason was, it was a tweet that
I had
with someone that went viral, I don't know, and that someone told me something
about his family, and this
chick appeared in the reply again with this
damn story about this photo.  I just did
n't understand the analogy. The
truth is, there's no analogy, Nica. There's
no comparison.  What does
what Ray did to you have to do with this?  There
is absolutely no analogy, it has
nothing to do with each other.  And here I answered him
before or I answered your tweet and
then I saw that he started to
answer me, but no, of course, he has me
blocked, well no, but
anyway it's that you don't have me, you don't
have to address me, girl and then I
told him that he just sent it to me, I
tell you, they are not defending themselves against
anything by harassing a
witness in their upcoming trial.  Okay,
okay, what okay, are you going to
run out and say that I can't
answer one of your friends because she won't
stop insulting me on Twitter?  Okay,
okay, well, okay.  I'm going to tell the
judge that Javi is
warning her, okay?  That's what
I told him, that he shouldn't lie because he ca
n't report her
for other things at the time, okay?  Because then it
deletes them, then it doesn't recognize them, right?  And
then it continues for another 6 years.  Okay.
Okay.  What am I not answering?  Ah, that
's stalking her.  I don't answer him.  Ah,
so she's going to my followers 6
years later still with the same
story.  Every day.  Look, another
thing, what is this?  It's every, every,
every day these people's Twitter
dedicated to me.  Every day they
are not defending themselves from anything.  That's why
I told you Antagibel, they
are not defending themselves from anything.  Look, now
we talk to, I don't know why it goes to
Corona's account.  It's something that, for him,
what a surprise it is.  Here in Spain there are
many guarantees.  The ones he used by
lying to delay my trial for 4 years
.  Yes, lying my ass off.  The
balls lying.  Do you know what it is that
he wants to deny everything, everything and nothing about the fact that he
fell and was uncomfortable with his
friend, a lie?  As for Winmichu, who had a
history of being unable to walk, they
deny everything.  Marlon is not something.  She
thinks that now because she takes all the
people, all the new left-wing people
and they're giving her the cold shoulder because of the hatred, because of
the illness they have with Dallas and
me, those people, now she thinks that
now, well, I'm going to invent
the narrative again to see if this one sticks.
Let's see if this one works.  No, my daughter, you
've already seen what happens with Gibel, with
Cel, it doesn't work.  People who are more or less
healthy don't get it.  I lied for
4 years in the trial to delay it.  I
would have held the trial on the first day,
but with the evidence, with all the
evidence.  The thing is, if you publish
things and then delete them and deny them in
court, well, of course, the
trial is stopped, but I would have held the trial
on day one, but with all the
evidence.  He asked the judge 20
different ways to search my accounts.  The
judge granted them all and they did not
appear.  Surprise.  No, it's not that they didn't
appear, it's that Twitter isn't responding.   It's
not that they didn't appear because they looked
and there wasn't any.  Antonia, okay, I'll
do this when I do the series I have to
do.  I have to explain this.  Okay,
of course I have to explain it.  That they didn't
appear, that it was a lie.  And if it was
a lie, why did your lawyer deny it?
Why didn't your lawyer deny the
accounts, but instead denied that he was
asked for Twitter?  No, don't ask
Twitter for this.  Don't ask Twitter for
accounts linked to
Ms. Antonia.  Let's ask him
what email address he's using, what accounts are linked
to that email address, knowing that your lawyer, who
's a Twitter user, only one
account can be linked to an email address.  No, no,
no.  We go to Twitter and ask by
device, by IP, by all the
things.  But apart from that, one thing is
clear to me from what she tweeted, from the
tweets she sent me on
WhatsApp when we were talking, and from a
bunch of other things I'll explain in the
series.  If it's going to be made public, it's going to be made very
clear in court, right?  But he's also
going to deny this.  Of course, what a coincidence
that when I responded to the lawsuit and said,
"Hey, look, this lady is telling me
this, this, this, and this. This
lady isn't a lady who doesn't
insult. This lady, well, I'm going
south, come on, you don't have to see the
atrocities that no, ah, I'll do this, I'll do it
. Let her prepare the ground as she
pleases."  Uh, when I responded to the
lawsuit about the accounts and I said,
"Look at the tweets that lady posts."
Do you know what happened?  The same day, the
same day that the response to
the lawsuit arrived, they did the accounts, boom,
all closed.  The same day, boom,
closed and the one that couldn't be closed was
locked and I'm eliminating them.  Man,
we'll explain it, don't worry, we'll
explain it.  But man, every
day, every day.  Yes. It coincided in
time, it coincided in time that the
same person who had the accounts, the one
who later appeared, the newsstand man and
the cropographer, it coincided in time
that the same person who kept the
accounts received the answer to
the lawsuit, which I didn't mention when I
answered publicly, because it arrived on the
same day.  It was a complete match.
Come on, man, these people support you,
yes, but reality doesn't.  Okay, Jan
Plana, Jamplana, of course, this guy is probably going to
defend whatever you tell him
too, okay?  Hey, I've seen this crazy girl
making fun of illnesses and
physical defects.  Oh, not you, never you,
Joan, you're so good.  You're all
good, you're not defending yourselves from anything.
What they're doing is locking themselves into the year in
which they failed to see if they
can turn it around now, and it's not going to turn
around.  And he's not going to turn around.
The convictions will not be given.  Man, what
he has to do, eh, is talk about
the trials he's lost, that he has to
pay a fortune.  Come on,
man.  Come on, man.  That you're
talking to this colleague, that you're
talking to this colleague, not to
Tania anymore.  It's that I don't know what's worse,
talking to you with Rae
, talking to you about Tania, who's talking to
Joan Planas, man, who started going to
a tweet, Antonia, who John
Planas started going to a tweet about a girl the
same day she committed suicide and went to
look for the tweet that he had posted when he was
alive, which was a 3-
second click to go tell the
girl about karma, karma and post a
picture of a grave.  Please, man,
please.  Oh, how bad.  Javi Oliveira,
what he told me, he called me a crazy old lady
in 2019. Come on, man, please.
What are the people you debate with on
Twitter like?  Psychiatric patients, people
with trauma, people with problems at
home, people with problems in their
families, with, with, with, with
severe mental deficiencies, people with complexes,
people without paternal figures,
people without a maternal figure,
people with too many complexes about their
personality, their physique, their lives, in
other words, patient, mother of love.
[Music]